what is being talked about as a result of
Jaime del Burgo is that Jaime
del Burgo's dates could coincide with
Leticia's pregnancy, which I'm already
going to start by completely denying
because no, in fact I told you one
more thing, the photo of the pashmina
It seems that Leticia is touching her
belly, it could be a photo from when she
was pregnant that she sent to the
family group perfectly and if she is
pregnant it doesn't match the dates that
Jaime del Burgo says that he had an
affair with her, I wouldn't say
the physique that Queen Letizia has in
that photo coincides with the aesthetic changes
that she had already made for that 2010
2011 I think that saying about the
paternity test is getting a
bit out of hand, this started the other
day with an Argentine television channel
in which a collaborator was joking and
suddenly said, Hey, look, it even puts
into doubt whether the girls are his, these
words I considered a joke and a
joker